Open the door please!
We gotta get to a boat!
Go. go. go. go. Get to a boat!
God!
Kei? Kei.
- Kei. Are you all right?
- Yeah.
Hey. wait. Kei. kei. kei. kei. Kei.
Wow.
God.
Okay. Hurry up. Come on.
Poor Billy. Poor Billy?
What do you mean?
He missed it.
Yeah.
That's not all he missed.
What are they…
Shit.
Shit. shit. shit.
I lost my gun in there.
Come on. Let's go.
- Lee!
- All right.
Hey. where do you
think you're going. gringo?
Okay. Okay.
- Give me the camera.
- Easy. He wants the camera.
Do you really think he's gonna let us go
- if we give it to them?
- Just give him the camera.
- No.
- Give them the camera.
- Sorry.
- Look. let them go.
Nobody will believe them.
They'll think they're crazy.
Yes. somebody will believe them.
And they'll come.
And they will see if what
these crazies are saying is true.
And they will defile our
land. these nonbelievers!
Our land. our village!
That's not true!
What will happen when
co-cai doesn't return?
What will happen to
our lives. to our fishing?
With our food. with our fish?
Our secrets will remain in this village!
Give me the camera!
Careful! He has a knife!
- Stay back!
- Follow me.
Listen to me. please. this
won't… stay back! Stay back!
Run.
Hey!
I'm assuming you're
going out to grab a bite?
I need to go home.
Yeah.
You were gonna leave
without saying anything?
I'm only causing trouble here.
- I don't belong.
- No. I don't believe that.
- I think you have a purpose here.
- No. I don't.
I bought into all of dad's crap
about this being my legacy.
Yeah. maybe this is your legacy.
Cate. you looked Godzilla in the eye.
You went to axis mundi and back.
I saw you.
Yeah. and what happens
when people find out
I'm the person that released
a new titan into the world?
I think this is just
what's best for everyone.
Well. then you don't
know what's best for me.
Any idea how long it'll be before
this ship can get underway?
We're not gonna know how much
damage was done to the engines
until we get engineers onboard.
In the meantime. it's been
three years since Godzilla
and we have our first
titan loose in the world.
Barris and the rest of the board want to
keep things under wraps to avoid panic.
And the last thing we need
out there is mass hysteria.
And exactly how are we
supposed to hide a titan?
What if we could?
You two have something?
Well…
What if instead of waiting for it to appear.
we could lead it where we want it to go?
Away from population centers while
we work on a strategy to deal with it.
The titan turned to follow us
because the scarab emitted a sound.
That's what the titan responded to.
If we could replicate the sound…
I believe I can reconfigure the
emitter coils on a suzuki device
to emulate the frequency.
Well. except Kong destroyed
your device on skull island.
I have another one.
- What?
- It's a prototype.
In my workshop.
In Tokyo. Just outside shibuya.
What? That's amazing.
Okay. okay.
So we build a titan dog whistle
and we lure it out here into
the southern ocean somewhere
- and then… what?
- All right. One thing at a time.
But first thing we need to do.
obviously. is get to that prototype.
Excuse me. sir. We need
you in the command center.
Excuse me.
We'll need command override
access to the whole system.
Hey. excuse me. hi.
Can I help you?
I'm guessing by the air of command
and that beard you must be Tom.
- Tim. actually.
- Tim. Right.
Jason trissop.
head of special projects.
apex cybernetics.
Wait. wait. Wait a minute.
Wait. wait. wait. Apex?
We weren't expecting you.
Yeah. we needed to get a jump on
the situation so I hopped a chopper.
There is a titan on the loose.
Take a look at that. mate.
Yeah. we're aware.
What? I don't… you guys are
upgrading the sensor system?
Well. you could call it an upgrade
if you say that dropping a Ferrari
engine into a pinto is a tune-up.
Well. I didn't…
What we're developing is an
ultra long-wave sonar system
that can piggyback to your arrays
and extends their range and sensitivity.
This is the best chance
you have of finding that titan.
Okay. Great.
Can you just try to stay out of our way?
I'll have somebody let you
know where the coffee machine is.
I'm afraid it's more than that.
Since you lost trail of the titan.
my team's been granted
operational control of outpost 18.
On a temporary basis only.
What?
No. no. no. no. That
doesn't make any sense.
I'm gonna call director barris.
This is not right.
Give him my regards. yeah?
They are a private corporation.
How is apex in charge
of a monarch operation?
You had orders to track down that titan.
Which I followed!
But then I had to decide between
that and saving those ships!
And now we don't know when or
where that thing's gonna turn up.
- I made the right call.
- You did.
Or was it Leland Shaw?
Look. sir.
whether monarch wants to
admit it or not. colonel Shaw
- has a lifetime of experience.
- He is a criminal.
We would be idiots not to
listen to him and Dr. Randa.
Do I need to remind you what
happens when there's a titan
- rampaging through a city? 'Cause i...
- are you finished? Are you through?
Well. I don't know.
You tell me. Am I?
The jury's still out.
But here's the deal. Tim.
apex has offered us access to technology
that may allow us to find that titan
before the public finds
out what's happening here.
And to that end. I'm gonna
need you to support them
and give them any kind
of assistance they need.
And to hand over Leland
Shaw and Dr. Keiko randa
before they create yet another
catastrophic event for monarch
- and the entire world.
- But Dr. Randa is...
without delay.
And I trust that message
didn't come through garbled.
Wait. So. who are apex cybernetics?
They're a technology corporation.
Biomedical research. neural implants.
Real bleeding edge stuff.
So monarch's farming out
its mission to big tech now?
No. no. not the mission.
Just the hardware.
Apex has deep pockets.
They were willing to fund
the operation on skull island.
We wouldn't have gotten
you guys back without them.
Well. so far I love these guys. but.
I don't know. what's in it for them?
Well. I can tell you that it's
not for humanitarian reasons.
but if there's money to be made
in the titan business. they're all in.
And monarch can't
afford the mass panic.
They gotta keep this under wraps.
Be careful out there.
As soon as they know you're gone.
they're gonna have half
of Tokyo looking for you.
Hey. Do you really think this titan
sound plan of yours is going to work?
Outstanding.
- That didn't take monarch long.
- God.
If we get this thing going. we can
lead it to the middle of the ocean
so monarch can deal with it.
No one has to know the titan's out there.
How'd you get this through customs?
Many bribes.
- You built this?
- Based on Dr. Suzuki's original designs.
His titan phone.
It's so much smaller than his.
But considerably more powerful.
He used it to awaken Godzilla.
You called Godzilla?
Godzilla was more of a side effect.
I was trying to open a rift.
To build upon yours and bill's
old theories about the titan network.
Right. so we know that this
thing can call on Godzilla.
but what's the process here?
We will need to modify
the gamma ray emulator
to broadcast the
titan's acoustic signature
we picked up on outpost 18.
Titan's song.
It's a pretty extensive modification.
You say extensive and
I hear time-consuming.
You know. we got monarch
on our tail and a titan on the lam
so how can we help
move things along here?
Kentaro and I need to
collect some components
but I could use original
wiring diagrams from my office.
Think you guys can handle that?
Just need an address.
We've handled worse.
Come on. Come on.
Keiko. Go. go. go. go.
Wait. Hold on. Wait. Stop. stop.
- My god. Give me the camera.
- We have to keep moving.
- Give me the camera. Give the camera.
- What? No. we need that film. Lee.
The camera. Give it to me.
I'll get you the film. I'll get you the film.
- They're coming.
- I know.
Take this…
Out of your camera.
The film.
Could buy us some time. I hope.
Let's go this way.
Let's go that way.
There's nothing here.
Come on!
Everything's fine. kei.
We're gonna be okay.
Come on. Let's go.
- Hi.
Thanks for meeting me.
Seems like a cool place.
So shouldn't you be at outpost 18.
monitoring g-tass. or whatever?
Most likely the only thing they're
gonna need me for anytime soon
is an exit interview.
Let me guess.
You devoted your life to something.
poured your heart and soul into it.
just to wake up one day and realize
you might have made a bad bet.
To disappointment.
The only thing that
never fails to disappoint.
Kanpai. loser.
So what are you gonna do now?
Eat noodles. Get drunk.
Is there a phase two?
I mean. there's an opening at monarch.
But I haven't checked out
the perks package yet. so…
Well. I'm sure it's not
nearly as good as apex.
No. apex has a barista.
We have the pods.
Listen…
Maybe we shouldn't be looking past it.
I mean. maybe we
should be looking at it.
This whole technical
makeover of outpost 18…
I mean. if we can use their tech. great.
But handing over a monarch
asset to a private company?
It does not make sense.
Yeah. I know. Welcome
to the free market.
Look. I'm…
Telling you they are up to something.
And we are just seeing
the tip of the iceberg.
I just think it would be
nice to know someone
- on that particular iceberg...
- all right.
I'm feeling. like. a little drunk so
you need to stop talking in metaphors.
and tell me what you want.
What I want…
Is for you to ask
Brenda Holland for a job.
I want you to be a mole at apex.
So what. you think that
they're up to something?
- That...
- I don't know.
But they seem pretty damn invested in it.
If they are up to something.
it could start another g-day.
So how would this work?
How'd you get the job in the first place?
Well. I mean.
the best way to get a job…
Is to have something that they need.
And that I have.
Have a good day.
Hi. mom.
My…
My god.
I'm back.
It's okay.
All right. Here it is.
- Wow.
- You sure I can't help?
Yeah. you can do the dishes.
I can't believe that you didn't
let us pick you up at the airport.
Yeah. Come on.
- It's my specialty. All right.
- Yeah.
I got an earlier flight.
and wanted to see the city.
- Cheers.
- Well. cheers.
So…
Can you tell us anything
about where you were.
or is it all top secret?
I'm sure that Cate will tell us all
about her adventures in her own time.
It doesn't even feel real.
For me. I've only been gone a few days.
And there's really another
world where those creatures live?
And you were there?
There and…
Back again.
Wow.
So what now?
I don't know.
Hey.
Go. see. do whatever you need to.
You know what?
I saw Martin and a couple of
your teacher friends the other day.
Maybe you should all get together?
Whatever happened to
you. Cate. it's over now.
It's in the past.
This is the new normal. right?
All right. Let's find those
wiring diagrams for Hiro.
- and get outta here as quick as possible.
- Let me get the blinds.
Man.
Well. it'd be a big help if
Hiroshi ever labeled anything.
He hasn't changed.
Wait. Did Cate and kentaro…
Do they have different mothers?
Yeah.
Was Hiroshi a widower?
Divorced?
It's not my story to tell.
Lee. I just wanna know is he…
Is he all right? Is he happy?
Ask him.
I guess we all have our secrets.
Hold on.
Hold on. Wait. wait. Hold on.
What now?
We could take cover in there.
I can dress that for you. Come on.
Come on.
Rest on the bed.
All right. Let me see.
Yeah. He got you good.
I gotta dress that.
Worse comes to worst. you
can get these photos back to Billy.
Yeah.
That ought to go over well.
Perfect.
I lost your girl pal.
but. hey. here's some glamour
shots of the thing that killed her.
This is gonna hurt.
You ready?
Yeah. Yeah.
Say when.
Good job.
How's it look?
Not so good. I don't think
you're gonna make it. kei.
Impressive bedside manner.
Yeah. Well. I am not the doctor. doctor.
Lee.
What happened back there?
I don't know.
It looked like that creature
came for those scarab things.
And then we just got
caught in the middle.
You know what I mean.
- When we danced.
- Yeah. we danced.
- I thought we were both past that...
- I know.
- We both agreed.
Look. I don't know
what you thought you felt.
but it wasn't real.
You're with Billy.
You love each other.
and that's the way it is.
It was the wine.
So…
No more wine.
This is it.
You know what?
I think I wanna go somewhere else.
Straight ahead please.
- Hello. corah.
- Hey. Brenda. How are you?
I have to admit. I was
surprised to get your call.
Have you finally decided to
start taking yourself seriously?
Yeah. I wanna try.
Try won't cut it. corah.
I'm serious. After everything
that I've been through.
I feel like I need to have
some type of purpose.
I want to use what I know to stop titan x.
The last time we worked together.
you tried to burn my house down.
- That can't happen again. corah.
- I know.
I understand.
You erased all the
copies of the code. No?
I erased all of your copies of the code.
Come inside.
Monarch can't keep their
secret hidden forever. corah.
The world will find out.
It's about what happens next.
Has Cate called you?
No.
Cate is our family.
She feels this is all her fault.
Cate made her choice.
Kentaro. we all make mistakes…
But that doesn't mean we need
to bear the consequences alone.
These will do nicely.
- Hiro.
- Hey. what are you wearing?
Did you take that hat from my office?
A city with 40 million cameras.
You know what I mean?
- So you got them?
- Took us a little while
to decipher your filing system. but yeah.
- You?
- Yeah. we have what we need.
We're kinda exposed out here.
Let's get back to the shop.
- I think we should split up.
- All right.
Kentaro. why don't you come
with me? We'll scout up ahead.
Come on.
Hey. hey.
Your office reminds me
so much of your father's.
How he kept his space.
I don't really remember.
Used to drive me crazy. remember?
It was impossible to find anything.
I miss it more than anything.
This must be difficult for you.
I saw photos…
Of kentaro's mother.
And Cate's.
You were married twice?
This isn't really the time.
I know I left you a long time ago. but…
I'm here now.
And I want to know you.
About your life.
Your family. your children.
Everything I missed.
I wasn't married twice.
I loved two women.
Kentaro's mother here.
Cate's in San Francisco.
I gave in to what my heart wanted.
I don't expect you to understand.
- Hey.
How you feeling?
How long was I out?
A while.
I think we should get going.
Did you get any rest?
The army teaches you to
sleep with your eyes open. so…
- No.
- No. I'm fine.
- It's not.
- Come on. kei. It's a little flesh wound.
Let me look at it.
Leave it.
Honestly. you'd rather
sit here and bleed to death
than admit you need help.
- Kei. come on.
- What good are you to me
- if you can't move?
- Bleeding stopped.
- Mostly. But it could get infected.
- I guess.
Give me your knife.
Okay.
What are you gonna do?
Perform surgery?
- Don't…
- kei…
- Jesus Christ. Go easy on me.
- Who's the tough guy now?
Goddamn it.
Okay.
- Enough. Kei… I got it. kei.
- Hold still.
- We gotta go. Come on. kei.
- Hold still. Let me look at it.
- Just… why do you always do this?
- Enough! Goddamn it!
- Do what?
- Take care of everyone else but yourself.
What I always do is follow
you into every situation
against my better judgment.
But you run right into danger
- every goddamn time.
- So you're saying I'm reckless?
Yes. kei! We almost died out there.
- What don't you understand about that?
- Yes. we almost died
but that's always been a possibility
and if you can't handle it. you can leave.
I can't leave you.
Hey.
Wow.
I gotta admit I was
surprised to get your text.
So what do you wanna drink?
Hey. Two beers.
All right. gotcha.
I never could resist that smile.
That was the problem.
You were the problem.
- You know that.
- Okay.
So. welcome back.
Thanks.
How's Hannah?
Dani.
- Long time ago.
- Good.
There's something different about you.
Jesus Christ.
They've been following
us since the beginning.
Hurry! Pick up the pace!
I'm working on it!
It's open!
Hurry up. hurry!
They're in the vicinity…
we don't have much time.
Be careful.
This is going to the pensacola office.
Clever girl. Brenda.
Why the hell did they take it?
Maybe they want the world
to know this thing is out there.
This is the monarch safety alert.
- A titan sighting…
- good evening.
It's fine.
No. I don't think it is.
It's fine. It's just a watch.
Just a watch?
- Do you have an evac plan?
- No. I don't.
It doesn't matter. okay?
It was me.
- It was all my fault.
- What are you talking about?
- Okay. you know what?
- Forget it.
We gotta go.
Let's go.
Let me go!
- Look. Please. let's...
- no!
You need help.
I'm gonna go home.
Maybe you should too.
Once again. a new titan has
been spotted in the pacific ocean.
It is considered extremely dangerous.
Lee.
What do we do now?
Well. we can't go back
to the village. obviously.
We gotta find a boat.
A way to get a message off the island.
- No.
- What?
What are we gonna do now?
No.
Keiko!
There. Here we go.
We're so lucky we found you.
We've been looking everywhere.
I'm sorry.
No. It's okay.
- No. it's not. I shouldn't have left.
- It's okay.
I shouldn't have left.
You were right.
We stick together.
What is it? Are you okay?
You okay?
- What happened?
- Nothing.
- Nothing. It's fine.
- Okay.
- Everything's fine.
- Good.
I don't want to lose any more.
Go. go. everybody. Get out of here!
But if you open that rift again. you
don't know what you could unleash.
We should've never pushed that button!
Cate. no!
We gotta go. Go. go. go. go! Move!
Dear Lee.
first things first.
I do love you.
I realized it that night.
I always have
and I always will.
but Billy has my heart.
So what happened between
us can never happen again.
It would destroy everything
we have built together.
It would destroy a good
man who we both love.
I won't allow that to happen.
And I don't believe
that you want that either.
In another lifetime.
in another world.
this could've been about us.
Maybe in the next lifetime
we will find each other again.
Until then. I remain. Your kei.
Hiroshi…
We'll find another way.
We'll build another device
and use it to get the titan
safely away from the world.
It took me six years to build that one.
We'll do it together.
We have the blueprint...
in the time it will take to
even get the components.
the titan could have killed
god knows how many.
Now the world knows.
The panic it will cause.
We'll go back to monarch.
Monarch…
That's all you think about…
Monarch.
Hiroshi…
Why do you… mom is just like him.
Chasing monsters
mattered more than anything.
It certainly mattered more than me.
Why do you say that?
You want to know why I
speak with this accent?
Because when I was eleven years old.
he sent me to live with Mimi.
Bill randa disappeared.
That's not true.
I never saw him again.
Billy would never leave you.
- No.
- I was just a child.
but I do remember.
Well. there must be some other reason.
Then tell me.
What is it?
What makes a man
abandon an 11-year-old boy?
Hiro? You up there?
Dinner's ready.
What's going on. buddy?
My knife got dull.
I was hoping uncle Lee
would have something to help.
Yeah. he was always good like that.
I miss him.
Yeah. me too.
Yeah. I miss them both.
Hey. why don't you go
pour yourself a glass of milk?
- I'll clean all this up. all right?
- Okay.
Hey. come here.
All right.